OSDOCS-9242: Terraform Guide Updates (#70085)
openshift/openshift-docs: rosa_install_access_delete_clusters/terraform/rosa-sts-creating-a-cluster-with-customizations-terraform.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="rosa-sts-creating-a-cluster-with-customizations-terraform"]
= Customizing a ROSA cluster with Terraform
include::_attributes/attributes-openshift-dedicated.adoc[]
:context: rosa-sts-creating-a-cluster-with-customizations-terraform

toc::[]

You can create a {product-title} (ROSA) cluster by using Terraform to customize the cluster's details.

This guide assumes an understanding of ROSA. See the additional resources for conceptual information about {product-title} clusters.

.Prerequisites

* You have generated and stored an link:https://console.redhat.com/openshift/token[offline {cluster-manager-first} token].
* You have an AWS account with the correct permissions.
* You have installed the `terraform` CLI tool.

[discrete]
[id="further_reading_{context}"]
=== Further reading

> * xref:../../rosa_planning/rosa-cloud-expert-prereq-checklist.adoc[Prerequisites checklist for deploying ROSA using STS]

Author: I cannot change that title here because it is the current title for that document.

* xref:../../rosa_planning/rosa-understanding-terraform.adoc[Preparing Terraform to install ROSA clusters]

[id="rosa-sts-creating-a-cluster-with-customizations-terraform-creating"]
== Creating a {product-title} cluster using Terraform

> The following Terraform cluster example shows how to create your account-wide IAM roles and a ROSA cluster with a managed OIDC configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cluster creation process outlined below shows how to use Terraform to create your account-wide IAM roles and a default ROSA cluster with a managed OIDC configuration.

[NOTE]
====
Clusters are customized by editing the default `main.tf`, `variables.tf`, and `terraform.tfvar` files. Cluster customizations must be performed *before* cluster creation. To customize, copy the default Terraform file from the procedure below and make the desired changes.
==== 
```
* I know RH style doesn't like "desired". But I really think it fits here better than "necessary" or "required". But we could use either of those too.

include::modules/rosa-sts-cluster-terraform-setup.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
include::modules/rosa-sts-cluster-terraform-file-creation.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

> include::modules/rosa-sts-cluster-terraform-execute.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

Reviewer: Move this module to after the customization part please.

> include::modules/rosa-sts-cluster-terraform-destroy.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

Reviewer: Also move this one please.

[id="rosa-sts-creating-a-cluster-with-customizations-terraform-customizing"]
== Terraform customization options

> The following sections detail individual customizations you can add to your `main.tf` and `terraform.tfvar` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sections detail individual customizations you can add to your `main.tf`, `variables.tf`, and `terraform.tfvar` files.
```

include::modules/rosa-cluster-cluster-role-name-change.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[id="next-steps_{context}"]
== Next steps

* xref:../../rosa_install_access_delete_clusters/rosa-sts-accessing-cluster.adoc#rosa-sts-accessing-cluster[Accessing a ROSA cluster]

[role="_additional-resources"]
[id="additional-resources_rosa-sts-creating-a-cluster-with-customizations-terraform"]
== Additional resources

> 

Reviewer: I like how this section is done in the current docs for non-Terraform clusters, where each bullet is a sentence that says *why* the user might go to said additional resource. You may want to consider doing that here. Plus, parallelism. 
<img width="733" alt="Screenshot 2024-01-26 at 9 44 45 AM" src="https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/119696027/50c58415-3c67-43ba-9f7c-ab07af46056e">
